Represented by the attorneys of the British Incorporated Society of Authors , she eventually sued the filmmakers .
On 1 May 1707 , under the Acts of Union 1707 , England and Scotland were united as a single sovereign state , the Kingdom of Great Britain .
None of the class was named .
The agreement ... will also benefit the people of Venezuela , by providing expertise in areas of city management in which London is a world leader . ''
It is also revealed that Snape did not murder Dumbledore , but carried out Dumbledore 's prearranged plan .
From 1944 to 1947 he played with the Billy Eckstine big band , along with Miles Davis , Dexter Gordon and Fats Navarro .
A good example of this is the Orion Nebula .
First released as a public beta on January 7 , 2003 on the company 's Mac OS X operating system , it became Apple 's default browser beginning with Mac OS X v10 .3 `` Panther . ''
April Janet Pearson is an English actress best known for her role as Michelle Richardson in the E4 teen drama series , Skins .
The introduction of Christianity did not immediately end Viking voyages , but it may have been a contributing factor to bringing the Viking Age to an end .
It was in the 1688 Romanian Bible where it was called `` Iosip '' but is not printed in the Orthodox Bible today .
Silver wanted to movie Wonder Woman in Australia once the script was finished .
Kölzig never applied for Canadian citizenship , which , combined with his German parentage and German passport , allows him to represent Germany internationally .
However , following this initial success Miller netted just twice in his next 28 league fixtures .
As of 2010 , there is no known cause for all kinds of leukemia .
However , there are several types which are related but which can be distinguished from follies .
Bowell was first elected to the House of Commons in 1867 , as a Conservative , for the riding of North Hastings , Ontario .
Unlike the Western cope , the mantle is worn only by monastics .
In 1515 , Albrecht Dürer , a native of Nuremberg , mapped the stars of the northern and southern hemispheres , producing the first printed star charts , which had been ordered by Johann Stabius .
The 152-turbine project by Scottish and Southern Energy , which was approved by the Scottish Parliament in July 2008 , capable of powering 320,000 homes , and will be larger than the 322 MW Whitelee Wind Farm near Glasgow .
The tree can grow to over 50 m. It often has no limbs until it reaches 25-30 m in height . This makes it a good tree for timber .
A common alternative definition of the maximum is 55 k.
If this technique is followed , the eggs should be moist in texture with a creamy consistency .
Traditionally , wrestling shows were taped on sound stages with small viewers or at big arena shows .
The passage was relatively fast , but the mortality rate was the highest in the history of transportation to Australia .
Réunion is a French island of about 800,000 population located in the Indian Ocean , east of Madagascar , about 200 k south west of Mauritius , the nearest island .
Kennedy defeated then Vice President and Republican candidate Richard Nixon in the 1960 U.S. presidential election , one of the closest in American history .
Patterson is a city of Iowa in the United States .
It avoids dense humid forest .
They are also the most successful and diverse of the non-mammalian therapsids , with over 70 genera known , varying from rat - to ox-sized .
They have worked on the Merseyrail network from new , and continue to do so , now refurbished by Alstom 's Eastleigh Works .
The Nihil novi act adopted by the Polish Sejm in 1505 , transferred most of the legislative power from the monarch to the Sejm .
The system of Hebrew numerals is a quasi-decimal alphabetic numeral system using the letters of the Hebrew alphabet .
For instance , rescuing stalkers from danger , destroying stalker renegades , protecting or attacking stalker camps or searching for treasure .
In 1506 , for example , knight Jan Kopidlansky killed somebody in Prague and the Town Councillors sentenced him to death and had him executed .
For the first four seasons , Sorkin wrote almost every episode of the series , occasionally reusing plot elements , episode titles , character names , and actors from his previous work , Sports Night , a sitcom in which he began to develop his signature dialogue style of rhythmic , snappy , and intellectual banter .
It is the capital of the Erode district .
Red Bull Racing , which took over the Jaguar team , ran with Cosworth engines .
Spiny lobsters tend to live in crevices of rocks and coral reefs , only occasionally venturing out at night to seek snails , clams , crabs , sea urchins or carrion to eat .
It is located on the Mbabane River and its tributary the Polinjane River in the Mdimba Mountains .
Jess decides to re-imagine Terabithia and builds a bridge across the river to welcome a new ruler .
Ibrehem and James were not able to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
The private key consists of the modulus and the private exponent which must be kept secret .
The authors of a 1917 article in National Geographic expressed their opinion that because the Alabama flag was based on the Battle Flag , it should be square .
Sharif has been nominated for an Academy Award and has won three Golden Globe Awards .
B ` Day Anthology Video Album is a video album , released by the American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé . It was released alongside B ` Day Deluxe Edition on April 3 , 2007 .
Embalming is similar to mummification , which is what ancient people in Peru and Egypt did to their dead . Embalming is different from taxidermy , where you only preserve the skin .
Clank fixes Ratchet 's ship , so that Ratchet will help him .
Typing in the edit-form would yield in the `` read-mode '' .
The young are born hairless , and helpless , and their eyes do not open until about eighteen days after birth .