"[me narrating a documentary about narrators] ""I can't hear what they're saying cuz I'm talking"""
"Telling my daughter garlic is good for you. Good immune system and keeps pests away.Ticks, mosquitos, vampires... men."
I've been going through a really rough period at work this week It's my own fault for swapping my tampax for sand paper.
"If I could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive... ...I would choose alive. -B.J. Novak-"
Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.
Why can't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box. Heyooooooo
Why was the musician arrested? He got in treble.
Did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine? He had nothing left to chauffeur it.
What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't ask her out again.
He was a real gentlemen and always opened the fridge door for me
"Telling my daugthers date that ""she has lice and its very contagious the closer you get to her."" *Correct way to parent."
What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes
What's the difference between an illegal Mexican and an autonomous robot...? Nothing... they were both made to steal American jobs.
What do you call a barbarian you can't see? an Invisigoth.
"How do you spell Canda? C,eh,N,eh,D,eh"
You ever notice that the most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught with it?
"What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the abortion clinic? Hasta last vista, baby."
"My wife is in a bad mood. I think her boyfriend forgot their anniversary. Way to go, dude. Now we all suffer..."
My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!
Thanksgiving joke What does Miley Cyrus eat for Thanksgiving? Twerky! Just kidding... Drugs. She eats drugs. -Adam Zopf @adamzopf
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? 'Cause they are freaking good at it
How did the blonde die raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
"""That guy is such a douche-bag! Is he single? Maybe I can fix him!""  women"
"My son just got a tattoo of a heart, a spade, a club, and a diamond, all without my permission. I guess I'll deal with him later."
What do you call a potato in space? Spudnik
How to get a cop's attention
What happens to a necrophiliac after death? Reserection
Why did the chicken hold a seance? To get to the other side.
Where do baby cows go to eat lunch? At the calf-eteria.
What's the difference between a painting and Jesus. You only require one nail to put up the painting.
"Mom: ""Do you want this?"" Me: ""No."" Mom: ""Ok I'll give it to your brother."" Me: ""No I want it."""
How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool? Flip it over!
I am looking forward to 6pm Thanksgiving Day when Walmart opens its doors for its annual sale of trampled human corpses.
"Yttrium-barium-copper oxide walks into a bar The bartender tells him, ""We don't serve superconductors here."" He leaves without resistance."
A guy pick up a woman Then he puts her down
"Every night, I take all of the singles out of my wallet, spread them on the bed, and pretend I was pretty that day."
Which gospel contains Jesus' parable about the shades of numbers? Math hue.
Ibuprofen is my favorite headache medicine that also sounds like a reggae professor.
Ted Cruz getting elected.
Before I destroy a wasp's nest I like to capture a single wasp and tell it my entire diabolical plan.
What's Al-Qaeda's favorite American football team? The New York jets.
"INTERVIEWER: Why do you want to work here? ME: *crumbs tumbling from my mouth* Oh, I don't. I was just walking by and saw you had donuts."
Coming on valentines day. Fifty shades of grey. There won't be a dry seat in the cinema.
Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison? He's a small medium at large.
"Someone didnt click the button in /r/thebutton Yeah... Thats a good joke , he impossible!"
"What's the difference between a car tyre, and 365 condoms? One's a Goodyear, an the other's a great year."
"Roses are red, Violets are blue. I have a gun. Get in the van."
I've struggled for years to be above the influence... But I've never been able to get that high
"With Facebook, you can stay in touch with people you would otherwise never talk to, but that's only one of the many awful things about it"
"What's the difference between a blonde and a washer? When you dump your load in a washer, it doesn't follow you around for a week."